It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV
But where are those
Good old-fashioned values
On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man who positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry!
He's a family guy
Peter, I need you
to take Chris and Meg to school.
Today's the day I finally kill
that squirrel
that's been eating our tomatoes.
Try to get like eight of them this time,
I wanna make bruschetta.
Oh, can't the kids just walk?
You know I like to watch
two full movies before I go to work.
No, Peter, they can't walk.
It's three miles.
Fine, I'll take 'em.
But you better keep those goggles
'cause I'm gonna put them
to good use tonight.
Once the floor is full of saw dust,
we can eat peanuts in here.
Dad, are you sure it's okay
that we took Brian's car?
Yeah, it's his own fault.
He's the one who keeps his key
in the visor
like a carefree hillbilly.
Okay, everybody out. I don't want
the cool kids to know I'm your dad.
Hey, Chris, guess who I just scored
as my date to the homecoming dance?
Vice Principal McGuire.
- Really?
- Yeah, her husband just died of ALS.
So, she is ready to get at it.
- Hey there, strong guy.
- Not now, Brenda.
She says I have the body of
a 50-year-old before it gets ALS.
So, who you gonna go with?
I was thinking of asking Cara Morris.
Why don't you ask her now?
Her locker's right over there.
Um, yeah, okay.
Hi, Cara.
I was wondering, um, if you'd like to go
to the homecoming dance with me.
Oh, hi, Robot from Big Hero 6.
No, but thank you.
His name is Baymax, you gorgeous moron!
All right, red light. Time to text and
shave and whittle and floss.
Thanks for getting here so quickly.
- What?
- I'm sorry, you're in a Prius.
I just assumed you're my Uber.
I don't know what that is
on account of being dull.
Uber. It's like a cab except it feels like
a game 'cause it's from your phone.
Anyway, I'm late for a meeting.
Can I just give you 20 bucks
to drop me off?
Wow, 20 bucks
just to drive you across town?
Maybe I should be an Uber driver.
I mean, I could use the extra money.
And it's gotta be an easier
than when I was delivering pizzas.
All right, push, push, come on.
Come on, almost there.
Almost there, just one more push.
Here it is.
Oh, it's half Hawaiian.
- I believe that's ours.
- You poor fool.
- Hey, Stewie.
- What's up, big guy?
None of the girls in school
want to go to homecoming with me.
Probably 'cause everyone calls me names
like big nips and fat nips
and big fat nips.
Oh, don't listen to them, big fat nips,
they're just being haters.
What's a hater?
Oh, it's just something people say instead
of working to change their own flaws.
Anyway, you just gotta do what
Taylor Swift does and Shake It Off.
Who is Taylor Swift?
Oh, my God.
Am I about to introduce you
to Taylor Swift?
What is she? A singer?
She's much more
than a singer, Chris. She's...
Uh, she's, she's the queen.
A goddess, a gazelle
in a high waisted swimsuit.
Uh, sorry, if you're neither insane
nor clowns nor a posse,
- I'm not interested.
- I have an idea.
You should ask Taylor Swift
to the homecoming dance.
What? Why would she go
to a dance with me?
I'm telling you, this is exactly
the kind of thing she would do.
She's such a sweetheart.
Oh, I'm going limp.
Oh, I'm just gonna lie here, moaning.
Thinking about Taylor Swift.
Tay-Tay.
How would I even ask her?
It's easy.
You and I will just make a video
about how sad you are and put it online.
She's very interactive with all her fans.
I guess it's worth a shot.
Of course it is.
If she says yes, you'll surprise everyone.
Just like you did on New Year's eve.
Three, two, one.
Some animals give me boners.
Hi, I'd like to be an Uber driver.
Okay, sure. Welcome aboard.
Don't I... Don't I need to fill out
a form?
Oh, right, yeah, of course.
"Name." Peter Griffin. "Criminal history."
"This section is optional,"
I will skip this. And done.
- Here you go.
- Yeah, none of this really matters.
All I need to know is,
do you have a car, a phone, and a face?
It's my dog's car.
Oh, and I know you didn't ask,
but I am quick to anger.
Okay, great. Now, get out there and
try to kiss as many ladies as you can.
The record is 60 in a month.
You, sir, are officially an Uber driver.
This is some good stuff, Chris.
I think it's ready to post.
Actually, Stewie, I changed my mind.
I made my own video and posted it.
What? How could you do that?
Stewie, I didn't wanna do
all that fancy stuff.
So, I just did a video of me
speaking from the heart.
You know, telling her
how much it would mean
if a girl like her went
to homecoming with a guy like me.
I couldn't even stay awake
during that description.
- Hey, she already posted a response.
- What?
Hey, Chris Griffin.
I just saw your video
and I'd love to go to your dance with you.
All right, I gotta go eat an ice cream
cone'cause us stars are just like you.
Oh, my God. I can't believe it.
Uh-oh. This means
I have an awkward phone call to make.
What? No, it was stupid.
What two guys going to homecoming?
I, I assumed it was a goof
this whole time.
Take it out. I'm ugly and unlovable.
Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.
Our top story tonight,
pop star Taylor Swift is coming
to Quahog to attend a dance
with local high schooler Chris Griffin.
But first, we go to commercial
while our sports reporter smiles
and spins a football for some reason.
Wow, Chris. I'm so excited.
You actually have a date
with Taylor Swift.
Thanks, Mom. Did I do good?
Can I wear grandpa's jacket now?
I don't know why you always ask for that.
That's, that's not a thing in our family.
Oh, Rupert. I can't believe Taylor Swift
is actually going to be at our house.
I haven't been this excited
since I abused those caffeine pills
to get ready for the big show.
Everything will be fine
as long as I take one of these.
Pills! You actually are taking drugs?
- Stewie, give me those.
- I can't, Zack, I need them to sing.
I'm so excited
I'm so scared.
Screech is going to
stab someone on Christmas.
Oh, Chris,
you look so handsome in your tux.
This must be how Meat Loaf looked
when he went to the prom.
- Oh, that must be her.
Ah!
Hi, you must be Chris. I'm Taylor.
- What's up?
It's so nice to finally meet you.
Your video was so sweet
and I can't wait to go to the dance
tonight.
Me, too. Would you like to come in?
Hi, Peter Griffin, leering dad.
Quick question, in Shake It Off,
you invite us to get down
to, quote, "This sick beat."
Yet the beat you then provide
is rather mild.
My question is this. May I lick your legs?
Hi, Taylor. Stewie Griffin.
I'm your biggest fan.
I don't mean it like a psycho. I just...
I'm not, I'm not a psycho.
Oh, you're a cutie.
Okay, so let's talk about Harry Styles.
Now, you don't have to say anything.
I'm just gonna slowly pull out
this tape measure
and you indicate when I should stop.
Okay, here I go.
Still going.
Oh, my God. You bitch, seriously?
Taylor, this is my sister, Meg,
and our dog, Brian.
Nice to meet you both.
We're not all so impressed.
I've met Dan Aykroyd.
I'm sorry, uh, which cast member
of Hee Haw are you?
Will you be nice?
Okay, well, we should probably go.
It was so nice to meet you all
except for the girl and the dog.
Sorry about my family.
Don't apologize. They seem nice.
Well, you wouldn't say that
if you ever saw us in the movies.
All right, we got our popcorn from home,
our soda from home,
a snacks from home, and Braveheart.
- Where ya headed?
- The airport.
Great, just a couple of errands
and we'll get you there.
That was one bitch of a class.
- Anyways, what time's your flight?
- It's in 20 minutes.
Oh, boy, I can't make it in 20 minutes.
I better call you a Lyft.
Come on, hurry up. Get in.
I hope you like The Offspring.
Let's go.
- Oh, my God. Taylor Swift.
- She's here with him?
You guys, Mr. Bule is taking
a door-open duke in the bathroom.
I hope this isn't too boring for you.
No, this is so cool.
I always sing about high school
but I've never actually seen
one in person.
Would you like to dance?
Sure, but you're gonna have to
stand back like five and a half feet.
Cool, you dance like
an unattended fire hose.
Wow, it's like your dance
tells a whole story.
Right? You're the only one
who's ever gotten that.
Usually people just shove a wallet
in my mouth and call 911.
You know, Chris, I'm having a great time.
You're so cool and down to earth.
I like you, too, Taylor.
I was scared meeting a celebrity,
but you're so nice and normal.
I feel totally comfortable around you.
Well, why don't you just kiss her,
Griffin?
Sorry, I just smoked a joint
with the pickup truck kids.
That was really fun, Chris.
I hope you don't mind
I made the band pay me a royalty
- for each of my songs they played.
- Of course not.
And I hope you didn't mind I showed you
who every locker belongs to.
No, I thought that was nice.
I've never had a locker.
I just keep my stuff in stupid mansions.
- Can I finger you?
- Sure.
"Hi, I'm Taylor Swift.
I'm famous but I'm really nice."
Aw. That's one of the best fingerings
I've ever had.
What are you working on there, Chris?
Oh, I'm making a collage for Taylor
of some of her favorite things.
Here's flowers and crop tops
and pictures of Kanye West
with his mouth shut.
Wow, you two seem to have
a wonderful connection.
We do, Mom. You know, she's the first girl
to ever really understand me.
Uh, you guys, you might want to see
this video Bonnie posted on Facebook.
Why are you on Bonnie's Facebook page?
'Cause she's a fucking smoke show.
'Cause I know you're just
blubberIn a dress shirt
He licked his armpit
Then ate all my dinner and dessert
Chris Griffin is a pig in every way
Oh, oh
Blubber, blubber, blubber
Oh, oh, blubber, blubber
Oh, oh
Oh, and some animals give him boners.
What the hell? Why would she do this?
Oh, wait, wait, wait,
what's that next video?
Oh, Daughtry.
I'm a mom, so I love this.
Chris, what happened?
I thought you said Taylor
had a good time the other night.
We did. She even let me grab the part of
her body which on others would be a butt.
Wow, look at these comments.
Everyone hates you, Chris.
She's right.
Check it out, you're already a meme.
Aw, man, Chris, this computer
is telling me that you done swifted it up.
Why would she do something like this?
Because this is what Taylor Swift does.
She gets into relationships with guys,
sabotages them,
and then writes angry songs about it.
I just wish I could talk to her.
Well, why can't we? She has a house
in Rhode Island. We could go today.
Oh, my God. We can go today.
My schedule is wide-ass open.
Well, we can't just show up there.
Why not? We've done crazier things before.
Remember when we sent that tweet?
All right, you ready?
Freeze, we're the internet police.
You guys are going away for a long time.
Hey, what are you in for?
I said, "Caitlyn Jenner
wasn't brave and beautiful."
Brian, there's some bad people in here.
Hey, what's up?
I'm just going to Quahog Stadium.
Okay, would you like the AC on
or the windows down?
- How about both?
- Pretty great, right?
- It is. It really is.
Thank you, genius person.
No problem. Hey, you ever go in
a hot tub when it's snowing outside?
Uh, what?
Miss Swift, your song writing team
is here.
We got a socko tune for you, Taylor.
Hit it, Marty.
Lox and bagels
and bagels and lox
I like being a girl
Okay, one thought.
What if we change lox to boys
and bagels to problems?
Oh, that's perfect.
Like when you changed Pickle it Good
to Shake It Off.
All right, we got our homework.
- Hi, Taylor.
- Chris? What are you guys doing here?
I wanted to talk to you.
Your house is way nicer than
Anne Murray's. We broke in there, too.
Taylor, why'd you write
that song about me?
I thought we had a real connection.
We do. I really like you, Chris. I just...
I'm sorry. I always do this.
I ruin relationships
with nice guys and John Mayer,
just so I can write songs
about heartbreak and moving on.
But don't you think that's unhealthy?
You're never gonna find a real
relationship if you keep doing this.
Listen, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings,
Chris.
Let me make it up to you.
Why don't you guys all come
to my show tonight as my guests?
Are you serious?
Backstage with Taylor Swift?
That'll be even cooler than when I was in
that remake of The Princess Bride
with Bill Cosby.
Now, one of these has the iocane powder,
you see, and one of them makes you go
sleepy-bye with your mouth open.
- Hey, pal, where we heading again?
- Just go down this dark alley.
What the hell's going on?
This is what we do
to Uber drivers in this town.
Stop, stop, please stop!
The sound of your leather jackets
is excruciating.
You can't just buy a phone
and become a cab driver.
Please, I have two families.
- Stay back.
- Where, where did you get that?
Judd Hirsch himself.
I was a boy. No more than 11 or 12,
was on the side of the road.
Man with a hat pulled up next to me.
Said I reminded of him
when he was my age.
I was just a boy, husking corn,
didn't know what it meant.
'Course we were all husking corn back
then, just to keep the lights on.
And you burned my car while I was
telling my fake Judd Hirsch story.
God, I hate everybody who's not backstage.
This next song is a new one.
It's about my boyfriend, Chris.
I'm pretty and I'm rich
and I'm in love
Me, Taylor
I've met the guy that
I've been dreaming of
Me, Taylor
Boo!
Wow, they hate it.
- This stinks.
- We like you when you're miserable.
You guys, Mr. Bule is taking
a door-open duke in the bathroom.
Why were they being so mean to you?
Well, I guess they are just used to me
being sad and hurt by men.
But I don't care if they like it, Chris.
I'm happy with you.
I'm happy with you, too.
But it doesn't seem like your fans
like this new happy Taylor.
Are you willing to risk losing them
and jeopardize your career
and your art just for us?
I think I am.
- Well, I don't know if I am.
- What? What are you saying?
I'm saying that, Taylor Swift,
you are a spoiled, ostrich-legged,
no-talent, big-footed freak.
You pretend to relate to your fans
but you make your bodyguards
carry your purse.
All your songs sound the same.
And your cats aren't that cute.
Thank you, Chris.
This next song
is about my dumb ex-boyfriend
who either mistreated me, cheated on me,
or went to massage parlors
when I was out of town.
Wow, Chris, that was really nice of you.
Yeah, I guess.
Don't worry.
They'll be plenty of girls for you.
No one will ever be close to as good
as her but we'll find you someone.
What about like a motorcycle lady?
You know, like an old gal.
Her grandchildren call her
by her first name.
Now, let's get out of here.
I called us an Uber.
How many tooths is not enough tooths?
Well, kids, your father
may have gotten beat up,
but Uber's still a great job
for anyone afraid to sell their blood.
And, Chris, I'm sorry it didn't
work out with you and Taylor Swift.
I think we're all sorry about that, Brian.
But I'm afraid we're out of time.
I would like to thank our guests
Taylor Swift,
Chris Griffin, Stewie and Brian,
Cleveland Brown
and his band of Brown Renown.
Hey, we'll see you down
in Brown Town, huh, Cleveland?
Oh, I ain't even gonna go there, Peter.
We apologize to the Greased-Up Deaf Guy,
didn't have time for him tonight.
But let's see if we can get him back
next week when Amanda Peet will be here
with standup Dom Irrera.
Good night, everybody.